Goals to do:
1. Draw the actual squiggle instead of using a rectangle. — DONE
2. Draw the actual striped “shading” instead of using a semi-transparent color. — DONE
3. Keep score somehow in your Set game. You can decide what sort of scoring would make the most sense. – DONE
4. Give higher scores to players who choose matching Sets faster (i.e. incorporate a time component into your scoring system).
5. Figure out how to penalize players who chose Deal 3 More Cards when a Set was actually available to be chosen. – Done
6. Add a “cheat” button to your UI. — Done
7. Support two players. No need to go overboard here. Maybe just a button for each user (one upside-down at the top of the screen maybe?) to claim that they see a Set on the board. Then that player gets a (fairly short) amount of time to actually choose the Set or the other person gets as much time as they want to try to find a Set (or maybe they get a longer, but not unlimited amount of time?). Maybe hitting “Deal 3 More Cards” by one user gives the other some medium amount of time to choose a Set without penalty? You will need to figure out how to use Timer to do these time- limited things.
8. Can you think of a way to make your application work for color-blind people? If you tackle this Extra Credit, make it so that “color-blind mode” is on only if some Bool somewhere is set to true (and submit your application with it in the false state). In other words, you must still satisfy the Required Tasks and they specifically ask you to use 3 distinct colors. Some UI to change the value of this Bool is not required, but you can include it if you want.
9. Have your deck and/or discard pile be either “sloppy” (i.e. not a perfectly neat stack) or show the first few cards slightly offset (so that it looks more like a stack). — DONE
10. When you deal 3 more cards and there is a match showing, start animating the matched cards flying to the discard pile before the animation of the 3 new cards flying in from the deck starts. In other words, give the user a better impression of “I just replaced these 3 cards for you” by delaying the dealing animation a short bit in this scenario. The animations can still overlap, but delaying the dealing one just a little bit can result in a pleasing effect.
11. Make the cards that you deal out flip from face down (as they are in the deck) to face up (as they are once they are in play). You can use/modify the .cardify ViewModifier from lecture if you want.
